Oh
birthday celebrations on the hotel lobby
and Boise put the show money down and
kept the bar open late just a voice
fading premonition an unforgettable
nights and all of the older days I've
been under get ahead is too much slept
on like a featherbed on the road two
months every city filling for downtown
New punts I let it come up though it's
only new ones and if you do it right you
only do it once if you do it wrong on
the get to say you good ones that's why
i'll be back stage one during our doors
open yet and are they coming in there's
a show sold out do they let a kid hand
on the pulse of the city and my buzzin
then too early to tell too late to buy
into early to sell go against me better
be up early as hell doe me and the grind
like velcro you're buying on it than
hell froze bad dad sweat that show
yourself where my brother at two steps
forward and then what a setback look of
my dear with the step back trying to be
legend in the making lat time with
nothing coming home with the bacon if
it's up for grabs in his mine for the
taking no baby I've been so patient
everything else all watered down i got
the flotation keeping my head above
water you ain't next to me boy go a
little harder head in the clouds i'm
vince carter been smarter head in the
books two on a woman with her own
driving them looks too i'll be in the
stool making bread and she'd go to i got
on the back burner priorities
straight good enough is good enough then
I'm already straight it ain't up I
wanted it all the kitchen sink money in
the bitches bitches and her money keep
on talking like that and keep all the
pictures coming keep on talking like
that in the good girls running and
they're the only ones were that we out
feel like I'm the only one not flirting
but like I'm the only one maybe I'm the
only one working maybe I'm the only one
maybe I'm the only 1 2am lights on head
nodding with the mic gun name something
that ain't nice on I'm the sound of my
team like a fight song oh yeah they like
do that dang back this year the season I
bring a ring back benbrook good a year
time to bring a king back into a date
back on the wall again been down there I
don't wanna fall again I don't wanna
fall again I don't want to fall again